# Human-Activity-Recognition
The issue of programmed distinguishing proof of physical exercises performed by human subjects is alluded to as Human Activity Recognition (HAR). Human movement acknowledgment includes ordering times arrangement information, estimated at inertial sensors, for example, accelerometers or spinners, into one of pre-characterized activities. 
In the most recent decade, human activity acknowledgment (HAR) is turning into an increasingly more appealing examination subject with a few applications, for example, video observation, augmented reality, astute human-PC communications, and so on. Nonetheless, precise acknowledgment of activities is a profoundly testing errand because of jumbled foundations, impediments, and perspective varieties. HAR comprise of a few phases, which portray the highlights that characterize exercises or low level activities. CNN is a profound model that gets confounded various leveled highlights through convolutional activity rotating with sub-examining activity on the crude info pictures. It is affirmed that CNN can acquire astounding execution in visual objective acknowledgment assignments through fitting modification during the preparation. Furthermore, CNN has invariance for a specific posture, brightening, and dislocated ecological change. 
A portion of the ordinarily utilized highlights for human activity acknowledgment are Histogram of Oriented Gradient (HOG), Histogram of Optical Flow (HOF), Motion Interchange Patters (MIP), Space-Time Interest Points (STIP), activity bank highlights and thick directions. Be that as it may, these methodologies are troublesome and tedious to stretch out these highlights to different frameworks. A huge piece of hand-plan highlights are driven by task and various errands may utilize totally various highlights. In any case, as a general rule, it is difficult to tell what sort of highlight is imperative to a particular assignment, so the component determination is profoundly reliant on the particular issue. Particularly for human activity acknowledgment, various types of sports show an exceptionally enormous distinction in the appearance and movement model, it is difficult to get the basic element of activity in the uncommon difference in condition. In this way a conventional component extraction strategy is should have been proposed to mitigate the requirement for hand-designed highlights and diminishes the figuring scale. 
Input video is converted to frames for better assessment. Activity recognition is continuously performed in system. Input image is first pre-processed to denoise it and then activity is recognized using CNN. Pre-processing is a common name for operations with images at the lowest level of abstraction both input and output are intensity images. The aim of pre-processing is an improvement of the image data that suppresses unwanted distortions or enhances some image features important for further processing. Feature extraction is concentrated principally around the measurement of the geometric properties (size and shape) and surface characteristics of regions (color and texture). 
The objective of image classification is to identify and portray, as a unique gray level (or color), the features occurring in an image in terms of the object or type of land cover these features actually represent on the ground. Classification (or recognition) of activity is performed using CNN.
